docs: clarify OTLP supported version (#20545)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/otlp_ingest_in_the_agent.md

---

OTLP Ingest in the Agent is a way to send telemetry data directly from applications instrumented with [OpenTelemetry SDKs][1] to Datadog Agent. Since versions 6.32.0 and 7.32.0, the Datadog Agent can ingest OTLP traces and [OTLP metrics][2] through gRPC or HTTP. Since versions 6.48.0 and 7.48.0, the Datadog Agent can ingest OTLP logs through gRPC or HTTP.

OTLP Ingest in the Agent allows you to use observability features in the Datadog Agent. Data from applications instrumented with OpenTelemetry SDK cannot be used in some Datadog proprietary products, such as Application Security Management, Continuous Profiler, and Ingestion Rules. [OpenTelemetry Runtime Metrics are supported for some languages][10].

> To get started, you first [instrument your application][3] with OpenTelemetry SDKs. Then, export the telemetry data in OTLP format to the Datadog Agent. Configuring this varies depending on the kind of infrastructure your service is deployed on, as described on the page below. Although the aim is to be compatible with the latest OTLP version, the OTLP Ingest in the Agent is not compatible with all OTLP versions. OTLP version compatibility is aligned with the supported by OpenTelemetry Collector OTLP receiver. Verify OTLP version through the `go.opentelemetry.io/collector` version in the Agent `go.mod` (file)[4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, you first [instrument your application][3] with OpenTelemetry SDKs. Then, export the telemetry data in OTLP format to the Datadog Agent. Configuring this varies depending on the kind of infrastructure your service is deployed on, as described on the page below. Although the aim is to be compatible with the latest OTLP version, the OTLP Ingest in the Agent is not compatible with all OTLP versions. OTLP version compatibility is aligned with the supported by OpenTelemetry Collector OTLP receiver. Verify the OpenTelemetry Collector version through the `go.opentelemetry.io/collector` version in the Agent `go.mod` (file)[4].
```

> To get started, you first [instrument your application][3] with OpenTelemetry SDKs. Then, export the telemetry data in OTLP format to the Datadog Agent. Configuring this varies depending on the kind of infrastructure your service is deployed on, as described on the page below. Although the aim is to be compatible with the latest OTLP version, the OTLP Ingest in the Agent is not compatible with all OTLP versions. OTLP version compatibility is aligned with the supported by OpenTelemetry Collector OTLP receiver. Verify the OpenTelemetry Collector version through the `go.opentelemetry.io/collector` version in the Agent `go.mod` (file)[4].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started, you first [instrument your application][3] with OpenTelemetry SDKs. Then, export the telemetry data in OTLP format to the Datadog Agent. Configuring this varies depending on the kind of infrastructure your service is deployed on, as described on the page below. Although the aim is to be compatible with the latest OTLP version, the OTLP Ingest in the Agent is not compatible with all OTLP versions. The versions of OTLP that are compatible with the Datadog Agent are those that are also supported by the OTLP receiver in the OpenTelemetry Collector. To verify the exact versions supported, check the `go.opentelemetry.io/collector` version in the Agent `go.mod` file.
```
Heads up, I removed the link that was still pointing to the Agent change log, since it's not referring to the go.mod file.

Author: Thanks @brett0000FF!
